hey Metro City when the world's greatest
superhero hangs up his cake I'm done
it'll take a new kind of hero to save us
sweet what you need to be that guy well
this is a strange turn of events like me
megamind is devilishly handsome he
starts out evil don't panic Rocky I'm on
my way oh I'm shaking in my custom baby
seal another booth and then he actually
becomes good maybe I don't want to be
the bad guy anymore how are you evil is
running rampant through the streets I'm
so tired of running ramp it through the
streets roxanne ritchi is a reporter in
Metro City Metro Man and megamind have
been battling for years and Roxanne is
always the pawn in between and she
complains about it but she also kind of
likes it you left us in the hands of no
offense no I'm with you mega man who
needs a new good-guy to fight so he
develops this superhero and that's what
he thinks will be the end of all of his
troubles but tightened it has a mind of
his own and
not being a proper good guy a new
question comes to Mexico City consider
yourselves under new management if you
don't find Titans weakness he'll destroy
the whole city meg mine has a has a very
unique sidekick in minion I play minion
mega mines right hand fish is a kind of
interesting contraption of a fish
swimming around in a fish bowl for the
gorilla robot body minion has guerrilla
parts as well I forgot that I did it you
did it sir yes you've made that
perfectly clear mega mine is the boss
wears the pants in the family he's
welcome to wear those pants cuz I
wouldn't find those comfortable at all
just a few alterations and I will be
done with your tape I'm calling it Black
Mamba I found it very freeing to do an
animated film because you could
improvise as much as you want a big huge
shoe with flames coming out of it you
take sword fighting a 2 swordfish like
flying through the air stabbing other
fish and also to just be able to show up
on jeans and a t-shirt and come out
looking like a sassy reporter and a
pencil skirt that's the way to do it you
don't have to shave that's pretty fun to
me it's a very fun creative process
because you're forced to just close your
eyes and imagine where you are what
you're doing what you look like what's
behind me right now I would have guessed
that
intrigued yeah you should be little
showdown began oh there's soaring and
there's please and there's magic guns
and there is speeding bullets anyone can
do good I think it's a very positive
message it's got really cool action and
it's it's just there it's awesome and
I'm awesome in it